ARROW-15864: [Java][Docs] Update Arrow nightly Maven releases documentation (#12578)
apache/arrow: docs/source/java/install.rst

.. warning::
    These packages are not official releases. Use them at your own risk.

Arrow nightly builds are posted on the mailing list at `builds@arrow.apache.org`_.
The artifacts are uploaded to GitHub. For example, for 2022/03/01, they can be found at `Github Nightly`_.

Maven cannot directly use the artifacts from GitHub.
Instead, install them to the local Maven repository:

1. Decide nightly packages repository to use, for example: https://github.com/ursacomputing/crossbow/releases/tag/nightly-2022-03-03-0-github-java-jars

> 2. Define nightly packages to use, for example: `arrow-vector` and `arrow-format`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Add packages to your pom.xml, for example: ``arrow-vector`` and ``arrow-format``:
```

.. code-block:: xml

    <properties>
        <maven.compiler.source>8</maven.compiler.source>
        <maven.compiler.target>8</maven.compiler.target>
        <arrow.version>8.0.0.dev165</arrow.version>
    </properties>

    <dependencies>
        <dependency>
            <groupId>org.apache.arrow</groupId>
            <artifactId>arrow-vector</artifactId>
            <version>${arrow.version}</version>
        </dependency>
        <dependency>
            <groupId>org.apache.arrow</groupId>
            <artifactId>arrow-format</artifactId>
            <version>${arrow.version}</version>
        </dependency>
    </dependencies>

> 3. Download packages needed to a temporary directory

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Download packages needed to a temporary directory:
```

.. code-block:: shell

    $ mkdir nightly-2022-03-03-0-github-java-jars
    $ cd nightly-2022-03-03-0-github-java-jars
    $ wget https://github.com/ursacomputing/crossbow/releases/download/nightly-2022-03-03-0-github-java-jars/arrow-vector-8.0.0.dev165.jar
    $ wget https://github.com/ursacomputing/crossbow/releases/download/nightly-2022-03-03-0-github-java-jars/arrow-format-8.0.0.dev165.jar
    $ tree
    |__ arrow-format-8.0.0.dev165.jar
    |__ arrow-vector-8.0.0.dev165.jar

> 4. Install the artifacts to the local Maven repository with ``mvn install:install-file``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Install the artifacts to the local Maven repository with ``mvn install:install-file``:
```

    $ tree
    |__ arrow-format-8.0.0.dev165.jar
    |__ arrow-vector-8.0.0.dev165.jar

4. Install the artifacts to the local Maven repository with ``mvn install:install-file``

.. code-block:: shell

    $ mvn install:install-file \
        -Dfile="$(pwd)/arrow-format-8.0.0.dev165.jar" \
        -DgroupId=org.apache.arrow \
        -DartifactId=arrow-format \
        -Dversion=8.0.0.dev165 \
        -Dpackaging=jar \
        -DcreateChecksum=true \
        -Dgenerate.pom=true
    [INFO] Installing /nightly-2022-03-03-0-github-java-jars/arrow-format-8.0.0.dev165.jar to /Users/arrow/.m2/repository/org/apache/arrow/arrow-format/8.0.0.dev165/arrow-format-8.0.0.dev165.jar
    $ mvn install:install-file \
        -Dfile="$(pwd)/arrow-vector-8.0.0.dev165.jar" \
        -DgroupId=org.apache.arrow \
        -DartifactId=arrow-vector \
        -Dversion=8.0.0.dev165 \
        -Dpackaging=jar \
        -DcreateChecksum=true \
        -Dgenerate.pom=true
    [INFO] Installing /nightly-2022-03-03-0-github-java-jars/arrow-vector-8.0.0.dev165.jar to /Users/arrow/.m2/repository/org/apache/arrow/arrow-vector/8.0.0.dev165/arrow-vector-8.0.0.dev165.jar

> 6. Validate that the packages were installed:

Reviewer: The numbering is off (it goes 6 then 5)

Author: Changed

.. code-block:: shell

    $ tree /Users/arrow/.m2/repository/org/apache/arrow
    |__ arrow-format
        |__ 8.0.0.dev165
            |__ arrow-format-8.0.0.dev165.jar
            |__ arrow-format-8.0.0.dev165.pom
    |__ arrow-vector
        |__ 8.0.0.dev165
            |__ arrow-vector-8.0.0.dev165.jar
            |__ arrow-vector-8.0.0.dev165.pom

5. Compile your project with `mvn clean install`.

.. code-block:: shell

    $ mvn clean install

>     [INFO] BUILD SUCCESS

Reviewer: I don't think we need to show this, just say something like 

```
Compile your project like usual with ``mvn install``.
```

Author: Deleted

Arrow nightly builds are uploaded to GitHub. For example, for 2022/03/01, they can be found at `Github Nightly`_.

> Follow the steps and get your nightly packages installed to local maven repository:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Maven cannot directly use the artifacts from GitHub.
Instead, install them to the local Maven repository:
```

.. code-block:: xml

    <properties>
        <maven.compiler.source>8</maven.compiler.source>
        <maven.compiler.target>8</maven.compiler.target>
        <arrow.version>8.0.0.dev165</arrow.version>
    </properties>

    <dependencies>
        <dependency>
            <groupId>org.apache.arrow</groupId>
            <artifactId>arrow-vector</artifactId>
            <version>${arrow.version}</version>
        </dependency>
        <dependency>
            <groupId>org.apache.arrow</groupId>
            <artifactId>arrow-format</artifactId>
            <version>${arrow.version}</version>
        </dependency>
    </dependencies>

3. Download packages needed to a temporary directory

.. code-block:: shell

    $ mkdir nightly-2022-03-03-0-github-java-jars
    $ cd nightly-2022-03-03-0-github-java-jars
    $ wget https://github.com/ursacomputing/crossbow/releases/download/nightly-2022-03-03-0-github-java-jars/arrow-vector-8.0.0.dev165.jar
    $ wget https://github.com/ursacomputing/crossbow/releases/download/nightly-2022-03-03-0-github-java-jars/arrow-format-8.0.0.dev165.jar
    $ tree
    |__ arrow-format-8.0.0.dev165.jar
    |__ arrow-vector-8.0.0.dev165.jar

> 4. Install nightly java version to local maven repository with `mvn install:install-file`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Install the artifacts to the local Maven repository with ``mvn install:install-file``
```

.. code-block:: shell

    $ mvn install:install-file \
        -Dfile="$(pwd)/arrow-format-8.0.0.dev165.jar" \
        -DgroupId=org.apache.arrow \
        -DartifactId=arrow-format \
        -Dversion=8.0.0.dev165 \
        -Dpackaging=jar \
        -DcreateChecksum=true \
        -Dgenerate.pom=true
    [INFO] Installing /nightly-2022-03-03-0-github-java-jars/arrow-format-8.0.0.dev165.jar to /Users/arrow/.m2/repository/org/apache/arrow/arrow-format/8.0.0.dev165/arrow-format-8.0.0.dev165.jar
    $ mvn install:install-file \
        -Dfile="$(pwd)/arrow-vector-8.0.0.dev165.jar" \
        -DgroupId=org.apache.arrow \
        -DartifactId=arrow-vector \
        -Dversion=8.0.0.dev165 \
        -Dpackaging=jar \
        -DcreateChecksum=true \
        -Dgenerate.pom=true
    [INFO] Installing /nightly-2022-03-03-0-github-java-jars/arrow-vector-8.0.0.dev165.jar to /Users/arrow/.m2/repository/org/apache/arrow/arrow-vector/8.0.0.dev165/arrow-vector-8.0.0.dev165.jar

> 6. Validate packages installed locally on maven repository:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Validate that the packages were installed:
```

.. code-block:: shell

    $ tree /Users/arrow/.m2/repository/org/apache/arrow
    |__ arrow-format
        |__ 8.0.0.dev165
            |__ arrow-format-8.0.0.dev165.jar
            |__ arrow-format-8.0.0.dev165.pom
    |__ arrow-vector
        |__ 8.0.0.dev165
            |__ arrow-vector-8.0.0.dev165.jar
            |__ arrow-vector-8.0.0.dev165.pom

5. Compile your project with `mvn clean install`.

.. code-block:: shell

    $ mvn clean install
    [INFO] BUILD SUCCESS

> Arrow nightly builds are posted on the mailing list at `builds@arrow.apache.org`_.

Reviewer: This should go up at the very top as part of the paragraph about GitHub. 

```
Arrow nightly builds are posted on the mailing list at `builds@arrow.apache.org`_.
The artifacts are uploaded to GitHub. For example, for 2022/03/01, they can be found at `Github Nightly`_.
```

Author: Added to the initial part of: Installing Nightly Packages
